feat: Allow for any kwarg to be passed to python-gitlab by GitlabWrapper (#1140)
egnyte/gitlabform: docs/reference/index.md

  ssl_verify: true
  # timeout for the whole requests to the GitLab API, in seconds
  timeout: 10
  # whether to retry requests that fail due to transient errors (network issues, rate limits, etc.)
  # (defaults to `true`)
  retry_transient_errors: true
  
  # ** advanced parameters **
  # Any additional parameters specified here will be passed directly to the python-gitlab library.
  # See https://python-gitlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/api-usage.html#gitlab-client for available options.
  # For example:
  # obey_rate_limit: true  # automatically wait if rate limit is hit

>   # max_retries: 5      # number of times to retry failed requests

Reviewer: Couple of comments on this doc:

GitLabForm hasn't yet 100% migrated to use python-gitlab. Some of the processors are still using legacy code. So, we should clarify that these additional options won't be applied for those processors. It's only applicable for the processors that are using the python-gitlab library under the hood. What's the best way to clearly communicate this?

Why are you explicitly adding `retry_transient_errors` in the config instead of in the example section below? Let's keep it consistent. I suggest moving this to the example. Otherwise it appears as though this is supported globally - see my note above.

Author: I've refered to the issue, the project is linked in it but if you prefer I can directly link the board 😊

  ssl_verify: true
  # timeout for the whole requests to the GitLab API, in seconds
  timeout: 10
  # ** advanced parameters **
  # Any additional parameters specified here will be passed directly to the python-gitlab library.
  # See https://python-gitlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/api-usage.html#gitlab-client for available options.
  #
  # GitlabForm hasn't yet 100% migrated to use python-gitlab. Some processors are not using it and wont use these parameters.

>   # For following works on the migration, see: https://github.com/gitlabform/gitlabform/issues/73

Author: ```suggestion
  # For following migration to python-gitlab, see: https://github.com/gitlabform/gitlabform/issues/73
```
